Source: https://www.aiet.org.in/

Alva's Institute of Engineering & Technology (AIET) – Best & Top Engineering College in Mangalore.
×
Student’s Corner
Parent’s Corner
Best Practices
Feedback
Feedback on the curriculum
MOU
Institute Distinctiveness
Mandatory Disclosure
Affiliations
Audit Reports
Digital Library
PMKVY
ISRO NAVIC FISHERMEN PROJECT
ISRO Bhuvan Project
CSI
Rules
University Code Of Conduct For Student
Alumni
Commemorative Days and Festivals
Students & Employee Wellness Measures
Institutional initiatives for inclusive environment
Sensitization to the constitutional obligations
IPR Reports
EDC Reports
Research Methodology Reports
Water Conservation Facilities
Waste Management in Campus
Grievance form
SC/ST/OBC Grievance Form
Class room facility
Tabulated Student List 5 Years
Tabulated List Govt Scholarships
Sanctioned Posts 5 Years
Tabulated List of Faculty 5 Years
8050579606, 8050585606
principalaiet08@gmail.com
CET CODE-E169
ENROLL NOW
NAAC
NISP
NIRF
NBA
Menu
Alva's Institute of Engineering & Technology
A Unit of Alva's Education Foundation(R), Moodubidire
(Affilliated to VTU, Belgaum, Approved by AICTE, New Delhi, Recognized by Govt. of Karnataka)
Home
About Us
AEF
Vision and Mission
Chairman’s Message
Principal’s Message
Admission
Admission Procedure
Courses
Under Graduate
Computer Science & Design
Computer Science & Engineering (Data Science)
Computer Science & Engineering
Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning
Information Science & Engineering
Electronics & Communication Engineering
Mechanical Engineering
Civil Engineering
Post Graduate
MBA Programme
M.Tech
Scholarships
Departments
UG
Agriculture Engineering
Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning
Computer Science & Engineering
Computer Science & Engineering (Data Science)
Civil Engineering
Electronics & Communication Engineering
Computer Science and Engineering(IoT & Cyber Security including Blockchain)
Information Science & Engineering
Computer Science and Design
Mechanical Engineering
Basic Sciences & Humanities (BS&H)
Chemistry
Mathematics
Physics
English
PG
MBA Programme
MTech Programme
Training & Placement
Life@Alvas
Clubs & Activities
Prajna Sanskrith Club
Lake2024
Rostrum
Srishti – The Nature Club
Edwin Linux Lab
Algoris Club
Apple iOS LAB
Auto Club
NSS
NCC
Kannada Sangha
Tulu Sangha
Fine Art
Swachh Mijar
Reader’s Club
Chirpp Club
Photography Club
Language Lab
SSB Club
Adyathma
Life Skills (Yoga, Physical Fitness, Hygiene)
Rovers and Rangers
Prajna Sanskrith Club
Women Empowerment Cell
Facilities
Celebrations
Sports
Cultural Club
Photo Gallery
Central Library
Innovations
Research & Development
AICTE Idea Lab
Blogs
IEEE WIE SCHOLARSHIP
Contact Us
Notice Board
CLICK HERE !!!! – AIET Alumni Association Registration 2025-26
ATAL SPONSERED FDP(online) 5th to 10th January-2026
Welcome to Alva’s Institute of Engineering & Technology (AIET)
Welcome to Alva’s Institute of Engineering and Technology
Alva’s Institute of Engineering and Technology, situated in the vibrant town of Mijar, Moodubidri, stands as a premier institution dedicated to shaping future engineers, leaders, and innovators. Founded in 2008 under the visionary leadership of Dr. M. Mohan Alva, the institute was established with a mission to provide affordable quality professional education to the youth of this region.
Built on the foundation of Alva’s Education Foundation®, the institute has steadily grown into a hub of academic excellence, research innovation, and holistic development. It is not merely an engineering college but a community that fosters values, creativity, and lifelong learning.
Vision and Mission
Our Vision
To be recognized as a center of excellence in engineering education, innovation, and research, producing globally competent professionals committed to societal development.
Our Mission
To deliver value-based technical education with a focus on innovation and sustainability.
To nurture professional ethics, leadership qualities, and entrepreneurial spirit among students.
To promote research, innovation, and industry collaboration for solving real-world challenges.
To ensure holistic development by instilling cultural, social, and environmental awareness.
Academic Excellence at Alva’s Institute of Engineering and Technology
Undergraduate Programs
Alva’s Institute of Engineering and Technology offers diverse Bachelor’s degree programs designed to meet the demands of the rapidly changing world of technology.
Postgraduate Program
The institute also offers a Master’s in Business Administration (MBA) program, equipping graduates with managerial expertise, leadership skills, and entrepreneurial mindset essential for the global corporate world.
Research and Innovation Hub
Commitment to Research
At Alva’s Institute of Engineering and Technology, research is at the heart of the academic experience. Faculty and students actively participate in innovative projects, publications, and collaborations that address contemporary challenges.
Innovation Centers and Labs
The campus is equipped with state-of-the-art laboratories, incubation centers, and R&D facilities. Students are encouraged to explore their curiosity, leading to start-ups, patents, and real-world solutions.
Industry Partnerships
The institute has strong collaborations with leading industries and organizations, bridging the gap between classroom learning and workplace demands. This partnership ensures students gain exposure to cutting-edge technology and industrial practices.
(For more details, visit our
Innovations page
to explore ongoing projects and success stories.)
Holistic Development and Student Life
Beyond Academics
Education at Alva’s Institute of Engineering and Technology goes beyond books and classrooms. The institute emphasizes holistic development by encouraging participation in:
Cultural programs
Sports activities
Clubs and forums
Social outreach initiatives
Value-Based Education
Students are not only trained as engineers but also as responsible citizens, deeply connected to ethics, cultural heritage, and environmental sustainability.
Student Clubs and Activities
From coding clubs to literary circles, and from robotics teams to cultural societies, the campus buzzes with activities that shape well-rounded individuals.
(You can explore our
Clubs & Activities section
for a deeper insight.)
Why Choose Alva’s Institute of Engineering and Technology?
Experienced faculty with academic and industry expertise.
Excellent infrastructure and research opportunities.
Strong industry-academia collaborations.
Focus on ethics, culture, and holistic growth.
Impressive placement records.
Final Words
Alva’s Institute of Engineering and Technology is more than an engineering college—it is a launchpad for innovation, leadership, and service to society. Since its inception in 2008, it has transformed countless lives by offering affordable, high-quality education and nurturing students into responsible professionals and changemakers.
With a perfect blend of academic rigor, research excellence, cultural values, and industry partnerships, the institute continues to stand as a beacon of hope and progress for aspiring engineers and leaders of tomorrow.
If you’re looking for an institution that not only prepares you for a career but also molds you into a responsible, confident, and ethical individual, Alva’s Institute of Engineering and Technology is the right choice for you.
Virtual Tour
Research & Development
Mentoring & Counselling
Training & Placements
Training & Placements at Alva’s Institute of Engineering and Technology
The Training and Placement Cell of Alva’s Institute of Engineering and Technology plays a vital role in bridging the gap between academic learning and professional employment. Committed to ensuring every student is career-ready, the cell provides extensive training in soft skills, technical knowledge, and interview preparation. It conducts workshops, seminars, and boot camps that empower students to excel in competitive placement drives. Through continuous engagement with reputed industries and organizations, AIET consistently achieves outstanding placement results, making it one of the leading engineering institutions in Karnataka known for its strong industry interface and student-centered placement initiatives.
Dedicated Placement Cell for Student Success
Alva’s Institute of Engineering and Technology takes pride in its dedicated Training & Placement Cell, designed to empower students for professional success. The cell actively coordinates placement activities, training sessions, boot camps, seminars, and workshops to enhance student employability.
Annual Mega Placement Drive – Pragati
Every year, Pragati, the mega placement drive, attracts participation from more than 200 companies. Students from Alva’s Institute of Engineering and Technology, Alva’s Degree College, and nearby institutions benefit from this event, securing placements across various industries. Last year, hundreds of graduates and postgraduates successfully secured jobs.
100% Placement Records
The 2019 placement drive at Alva’s Institute of Engineering and Technology achieved a remarkable 100% placement result. All participating students received job offers within three days of interviews, reflecting the institute’s commitment to student career success.
Final and Lateral Placement Sessions
The institute’s placement sessions include both final and lateral placements, covering multiple engineering disciplines. Students are trained and prepared to face top-tier recruiters confidently. This ensures that every student achieves meaningful employment in reputed companies.
Training Programs and Workshops
The Training & Placement Cell organizes comprehensive programs, including:
Soft skills development
Technical workshops
Mock interviews and resume building sessions
Group discussions and aptitude training
These initiatives prepare students for professional excellence, making them industry-ready.
Placement Domains
Students from Alva’s Institute of Engineering and Technology are placed in diverse sectors, including:
Consulting
Marketing
Banking & Finance
General Management
Product Management
Supply Chain Management
Human Resource Management
This variety ensures opportunities for all students, matching their skills and career aspirations.
Leading Companies at Alva’s Institute Placements
During the placements, offers were provided by popular domains such as consulting, marketing, banks & finance sector, general management, product management, supply chain management, and human resource management. Some of the primary companies that visited AIET Moodubidri Amazon, EY, Thomson Reuters, Oracle, PWC, Mphasis, Deloitte, Demand Nxt, Alembic Pharmaceuticals, Federal Bank, Codecraft Technologies, Tech Mahindra.
Show more
Show less
Skill Development for Lifelong Success
Beyond placements, the Training & Placement Cell focuses on holistic skill development, encouraging students to develop leadership, teamwork, and problem-solving abilities. Workshops on emerging technologies and industry trends are regularly conducted to keep students competitive.
Internship Opportunities
Alva’s Institute of Engineering and Technology maintains strong collaborations with industries, providing internship opportunities to enhance practical knowledge. Internships help students gain real-world experience and improve their employability.
Final words
With a dedicated Training & Placement Cell, robust industry collaborations, skill development programs, and 100% placement records, Alva’s Institute of Engineering and Technology continues to be a premier destination for aspiring engineers and management professionals.
The Training and Placement Cell  stands as a cornerstone of student success, ensuring that every learner transitions confidently from academics to the professional world. Through its meticulously designed training programs, mock interviews, personality development sessions, and technical workshops, the institute nurtures both skill and confidence among students. The annual mega placement drive,
Pragati
, continues to attract top national and international recruiters, reinforcing AIET’s reputation as one of the best engineering colleges for placements in Karnataka. With consistent 100% placement records, industry partnerships, and alumni mentorship, AIET not only provides career opportunities but also shapes future innovators and leaders. The holistic focus on technical excellence and employability makes Alva’s Institute of Engineering and Technology a preferred choice for students aspiring for a successful and fulfilling professional journey.
AIET Campus Placements
Alva’s Institute Of Engineering & Technology (AIET) is a premier Engineering Institute of Alva’s Education Foundation established in the year 2008.
218
Companies Participated
406
Students Placed
521
Multiple Offers
Recruiters
Campus Selection
Alva’s Pragati 2026
Alva’s Pragati is the flagship mega placement drive organized annually by Alva’s Education Foundation. It serves as a unique platform for students, graduates, and job seekers from all over India to connect with top recruiters.
Since its inception, it has successfully bridged the gap between talent and industry by bringing together companies from diverse sectors such as IT, Core Engineering, Manufacturing, Healthcare, Sales, and Marketing.
The upcoming
16th edition
will be held in
August 2026
at the Alva’s Engineering College campus. Over 300 reputed companies and thousands of candidates are expected to participate, making it one of the largest recruitment events in the region.
Alva's Pragati Statistics
Alva’s Institute Of Engineering & Technology (AIET) is a premier Engineering Institute of Alva’s Education Foundation established in the year 2008.
272
Companies Participated
18316
Students Participated
4903
Students Shortlisted
622
Spot Offers Issued
Accreditation & MOU’s
Alva’s Institute of Engineering and Technology has been awarded NBA accreditation for its Department of Computer Science Engineering and Department Electronics and Communication Engineering for the academic year 2019-’20 and 2020-’21.
AMENITIES & FACILITIES
The Entire AIET campus is Wi-Fi enabled with 1000 Mbps of BSNL 1:1 Leased line. A well equipped multi cuisine food court is in the campus…
Achievers
Alva’s Institute Of Engineering & Technology (AIET) is a premier Engineering Institute of Alva’s Education Foundation established in the year 2008.
More Info
Achievements
Alva’s Institute Of Engineering & Technology (AIET) is a premier Engineering Institute of Alva’s Education Foundation established in the year 2008.
More Info
Entrepreneurship Development Cell
Entrepreneurship Development Cell (EDC) at Alva’s Institute of Engineering and Technology was initiated in the year 2016-17
More Info
Why AIET?
Alva’s Institute Of Engineering & Technology (AIET) is a premier Engineering Institute of Alva’s Education Foundation
Unique Labs
AIET is well-equipped with state-of-art lab facilities for its engineering students
Workshop & conference
To keep pace with latest technologies, department has employed experienced...
Guest Lectures
Eminent personalities and experts drawn from various fields are invited to speak to the students
Industrial Visits
AIET holds one outside the state industrial tour for a week at least during the academic year
Clubs
AIET has lot of choices for college clubs and organizations to join.
Internship/Certification Course
AIET has Certificate courses are a range of courses that are designed to provide training...
Start Up
AIET supports entrepreneur who effectively develop, and validate a scalable business model
Sports & Cultural
AIET has the best sports infrastructure for the development of sports talent in India
Alumni Testimonials
AIET helped me to secure my Placement
AIET offers unique combination of learning & self development. I got all the support & guidance from Faculties & Placement Officers. Comprehensive Training Programs offered by Career Development Cell of AIET helped me to secure my Placement.
Mr. Aman Das
Junior Engineer, Executive Ship Management, Vishakapatanam (2016)
Alvas is best choice to pursue MBA
“If you are versatile student then Alvas is best choice to pursue MBA. It gave us lot of exposure towards corporate world through industrial visits,conferences,seminars etc., which is much required for an MBA Graduate”.
Ms. Pooja
Alumni, 2016-18 batch
‘AIET WAS NOT JUST MY COLLEGE – IT WAS THE LAUNCHPAD’ OF MY CAREER
I joined as a student in a department that was still taking shape, and I graduated as a product of grit, innovation, and mentorship. The Agricultural Engineering program didn’t just teach me concepts, it challenged me to design, build, lead, and grow.From operating tractors in the Farm Machinery Lab to developing startup-funded agri-implements, and from volunteering at national-level agri expos to coordinating Krishi Melas that reached thousands – every experience here pushed me beyond textbooks. Today, at SLV Agri Tech, I’m proudly working as a Design Engineer & CNC Programmer – handling AutoCAD designs, CNC cutting, press brake programming, and production floor coordination. These are not just skills I learned after graduation – they were rooted in the Alva’s ecosystem, cultivated by faculty who believed in practical excellence.
Santhosh M
SLV Agri Tech
Alva’s is best educational institutions I have ever come across
Alva’s is best educational institutions I have ever come across because of tremendous support from management and bellowed chairman. I really feel very proud to be an Alvasian. My institute gave me an opportunity to meet different kind of people and learn a number of things in our country and other reputed countries like Japan and Taiwan. I have received a great support from faculties & placement office. And our faculty have given us great opportunity, knowledge and creative ideas for our projects and career. I especially thank to all my mechanical faculty, My both project guides for guiding me and my team during project and my class coordinator. I’m thankful to Training & Placement cell for providing a platform
Hithesh G Shetty
Innova Diesel Generator Pvt Ltd, Bangalore (2018 Batch)
AIET has provided me with the roots to follow my dreams and passion
AIET has provided me with the roots to follow my dreams and passion and I am exploring my potential in every sphere of life. I owe gratitude to my Alma Mater for enabling us to believe that we are special and preparing us to embrace the ever-evolving global challenges.
#2016Batch
Akshara Kathribail
Deloitte India
AIET believes in “Not everyone fits the mold“ approach
AIET believes in “Not everyone fits the mold “approach. From enhancing soft skills to exploring current industry standards the CSE department has always been ahead of traditional approach. Our department has strived to maintain a healthy balance between innovation learning and academic for overall benefits.
Akhilesh Melmani, SDET
Samespace Inc.
I am very proud to be an AIET’ian
My time at AIET was an experience I will cherish forever. I am very proud to be an AIET’ian. My college has given me a wonderful life with good career and continuous motivation by giving opportunities to participate in all activities. The course plans help the students to balance the academics as well as participate in various cultural activities. I am thankful to all the teachers who supported us and corrected us throughout our bachelors. I loved the infrastructure of AIET and its environmental life. The events that I took part helped me to grow my confidence level.
Mounesh Badagi
PSI, Karnataka Police (2016 Batch)
I graduated from AIET, with the able guidance of my committed teachers
It was a proud moment when I graduated from AIET. With the able guidance of my committed teachers, I joined for higher studies in the field of Construction Technology & Management. In my journey I found Alva’s  a place for all-round development where equal importance was given to all the activities which can shape one’s career. The 4 years of stay in Alva’s helped me a lot to gain confidence and also various opportunities to extract my abilities, realize my potential to achieve what I am today. With the motivation and confidence filled by my teachers, today I am able to  run my own engineering consulting firm to serve the needs of the Society.
Mr. Prathith Hegde, Proprietor & Head
Paramva Consultants
Four formative years here helped me grow academically and personally
Four formative years here helped me grow academically and personally. This college environment unequivocally helps develop the much-needed appetite for students to learn, build and execute in their respective fields. I am grateful for all the learnings here, and happy to be a part of AIET.
#2015Batch
Shreyas P. Bhat
Global Foundries
The department of Civil Engineering set an ideal launch pad
During my graduation, the department of civil engineering set an ideal launch pad for triggering research in the minds of students and I was fortunate enough to become the student of this department. Further, the guidance given by teachers for carrying out innovative & research projects increased my research passion manifold. With the great support and motivation from my teachers, I joined for higher studies at NITK, Surathkal. In 2020,I was awarded Ph.D in the topic “ Experimental Investigation and Geochemical modeling of Industrial hazardous waste materials”. I feel proud to be AIET alumnus. Presently working as Assistant professor in Rajeev Gandhi Memorial College of Engineering and Technology, Andhra Pradesh, affiliated to JNTU University.
Dr. Krishnamurthy M P, Assistant Professor
Department of Civil Engineering RGMCET Andrapradesh
Proudly I can voice up that I’m a Alvasian
4 years(2011-2015) of the splendid journey at Alva’s institute really helped in putting things into reality. The hard work of management and faculties for the betterment of students is remarkable. The right place to showcase our talents. Proudly I can voice up that I’m a Alvasian.
#2015Batch
Ashwin Gowda
Aris Global
Alva’s is a place where students get exposure to both technical and non-technical activities
Alva’s is a place where students get exposure to both technical and non-technical activities. AIET is a college where we wakeup everyday with lots of opportunity to develop ourselves. AIET helped me in achieving what I am Today. CSE department always motivates students to learn new technologies related to industrial trends.
Sannith Shetty, Sr.Softwar Engineer
Ernst & Young
ISE Branch is the one of the best department in AIET
It was a great time spent in AIET. It has wonderful faculty who are very cooperative and campus environment is very positive. ISE Branch is the one of the best department in AIET and which always make sure that students get placed in the best company in the market. With the advancement in lab facilities.
Training and placement department continuously providing assistance regarding placement. Had a great 4 years (2010-2014) and will be taking a lot of experience and learning.
Naorem Bijen Singh (2010-2014 BE Batch)
Capgemini India Pvt. Ltd - Consultant Developer
The AIET nurtured me into a different personality
The all-round support in various activities such as academics, sports, culture etc., the AIET nurtured me into a different personality. The Alva’s filled me that confidence to build my own construction firm. The leadership qualities developed during my studies drove me to start an Event Management firm.
Mr. Pramod Kadaplar, Proprietor & Head
Blossom Constructions
AIET teach us to be a better person in society
Alva’s Institute of Engineering and Technology is one of the best colleges which nurtures the overall growth of a student. I have been associated with Alva’s institute for about 6 years (as my pre-university-level education was completed in Alvas). They don’t just make us a better professional, they teach us to be a better person in society.
Mandara Mulgund (2013-2017 BE Batch)
Deloitte Touch Tohmatsu India LLP - Assistant Manager
At Alvas, I had countless opportunities to develop my skills
“Throughout my two years of MBA at Alvas, I had countless opportunities to develop my skills, faculty take excellent care of students- both in curricular and extracurricular activities”
Kiran Poojary, Executive HR, Alembic Pharmaceuticals Ltd.
Jack of all Trades for the Tier-2 Students
Jack of all Trades for the Tier-2 Students. It is an amalgamation of Good Infrastructure, Experienced Faculty & great opportunities.  In addition to this, you get a learning atmosphere in the campus with various cultural, entrepreneurial and sports activities through out the year which gives a platform for everyone to achieve their dreams.  It has been my honor to be a graduate of AIET
Basavadarshan G N, Program Manager
Industry Enablement (India & SAARC), UiPath
I have very vivid memories from my engineering days
I have very vivid memories from my engineering days. To be honest the initial years of engineering were not as pleasant as one would wanted it to be. Given the fact that we were the first batch in 2008 and the institute was in its budding years. Having said that, when I look at the current status of AIET, I can proudly say that the institute has transformed over the years into a reputed one which offers good infrastructure, campus placements, experienced faculties so on so forth.
Sheikh Nihal Ahmad
Senior Sales Engineer- lubricants, Alshaya enterprises LLC, Dubai, United Arab Emirates. (2012 batch)
Alumni meet brings back so much memories
Alumni meet brings back so much memories.  I’m very happy that the department has grown so much in potential. #2008batch
Nithish Bharadwaj
Project Lead -Telenetrix
It was my immense luck and fortune to be the part of Alva’s Institute of Engineering and Technology where I can grow
It was my immense luck and fortune to be a part of Alva’s Institute of Engineering and Technology where I can grow. The entire faculty and department leave no stone unturned to shape one’s future. My four years at Alva’s have been a wonderful experience of learning with prolific exposure to the outside. Huge respect, love and devotion for entire faculty members and the department. It’s their efforts that make me count myself into better professionals.
#2017Batch
Praveen Kumar C
Blue Tree Consultancy and Services
The years spent here have been full of learning opportunities
My 4 years at AIET have been excellent specially with our department CSE. The years spent here have been full of learning opportunities that were full of fun and frolic.
Wilma
Healthbay Day Surgery Center, Dubai
I am extremely grateful to the management and staff
Alvas Institute of Engineering and Technology is good at education. The management and the trustees help the students in their placements and provide their supports for the students in their career. I am extremely grateful to the management and staff for their tireless efforts to ensure a bright and prosperous future for us. The skills I have gained through my graduate studies at Alva’s Institute of Engineering and Technology have equipped me to accomplish my professional goals.
Sunil David Fernandes
Design Engineer ((R&D QA), Dassault Systemes (2016 Batch)
It was the best two years of my student life which was filled with lots of great memories during my M.Tech
It was the best two years of my student life which was filled with lots of great memories during my M.Tech. The CSE faculty members were knowledgeable and helped us learn the fundamentals of technologies like cloud, data mining, etc. It was great to witness the culture of South Canara region in the department and I thoroughly enjoyed the company of my awesome friends.
Arjun A J, Senior Software Engineer
Lead Squared, Bengaluru
Proud to be an Alumni of ECE dept of AIET
I was spellbound on my last visit to AIET. So much progress in terms of infra and technology over the last decade. Proud to be an Alumni of ECE dept of AIET.
#2008batch
Sushant Hegde
Senior Design Engineer- Qualcomm
The most I admire is the support that I received from professor’s
“I can greatfuly say that Alvas Institute of Engineering and Technology has been the best part of my life, full of learning opportunities that were filled with fun and frolic. The most I admire is the support that I received from professor’s especially from the Department of Mechanical Engineering. I’m also grateful to the Institute for providing us the training and the best of placement opportunities, am also thankful for the management team for their intensive support & opening up the chance to meet and interact with people with good influence.”
Nicky Harries O S
CoE Aerospace & Defence, Systems Engineer - Product Design (2018 Batch)
my sincere gratitude and thoughts towards the college for playing a major role in my success story
I would like to express my sincere gratitude and thoughts towards the college for playing a major role in my success story. The campus is filled with positive energy and exuberance. My first visit left me awestruck after looking at the atmosphere of the college. The college is full of limitless opportunities if you want to discover yourself. Besides that, this college has given me sweet memories, faithful friends and a sense of confidence to face the challenges and turbulence in life.
#2017Batch
Manaswitha Shetty
EY
AIET gives an opportunity to explore and showcase the skills
Life at AIET is orchestrated very strategically to prepare it’s students for upcoming challenges that work life may pose. It has always given an opportunity to each individual to explore and showcase the skills. You step out from here as a soldier into the business world with only the top insight and a reputation to keep. My experience there taught me to appreciate diversity and to be goal centric.
AdikeshvaMurthy Maroor (2014-2018 BE Batch)
Ernst & Young LLP - RPA Consultant
Curriculum at Alva’s MBA is perfectly balanced to achieve the overall development of the students
“Curriculum at Alva’s MBA is perfectly balanced with extracurricular activities to achieve the overall development of the students. The professors are all experts in their respective fields and as such are able to provide excellent management knowledge to the students” Aishwarya P, HRSS, Brady Corp, Bangalore
I’m thankful to ISE dept. and training & placement cell
Alva’s is a place where you can find an amalgamation of learning, fun, culture and life preaching activities. I’m thankful to ISE dept. and training & placement cell for support and opportunities.
Pooja Shetty (2014-2018 BE Batch)
EY Bangalore - Associate Software Engineer
AIET campus has the best ambience and the best teachers
AIET campus has the best ambience and the best teachers, who would drop to our level (as I was average student in academics) and be like students with us. Because of their efforts I emerged as distinction student. Faculties along with management have all been very supportive by giving us opportunities to get maximum exposure. They supported us well in sports and cultural activities too..
Arshid
Lead piping engineer, in woodland energy services Abu Dhabi ,UAE. (2012 Batch))
Choosing Alva’s is one of the best decisions I have ever made
“Choosing Alva’s for my MBA education is one of the best decisions I have ever made. The curriculum, the diverse culture, and academic pattern here has played a key role in shaping my future”
Shreyas R, Tax Analyst, Grant Thornton, Bangalore.
The department allowed me to broaden my knowledge
The three years in the department of Mechanical Engineering in AIET have been the greatest three years of my education. The department allowed me to broaden my knowledge on the course, gave close opportunities to work under the guidance of top professors during project helping me narrowing in what I’m really interested to pursue in future as a career. I enjoyed every bit of interactive classroom sessions, well equipped laboratories and an ample opportunities to learn, experience and lead.
Bharathesh Hegde
Sun Electric, Bangalore (2019 Batch)
My lecturers and the department paved way to my journey for converting my dreams into reality
My lecturers and the department paved way to my journey for converting my dreams into reality. They were ever helpful and kind in guiding me with all my hardships and appreciated me for my achievements.
Aditya M Naik, Sitecore Developer
Valtech, Bangalore
I feel that one of the best decisions that I made in my academics
I feel that one of the best decisions that I made in my academics was to get admitted into Alva’s institute of engineering and technology which has moulded me into a person what I am today. As a mechanical engineer, I’ve always been curious about many fields since mechanical engineering is something very vast. All the professors collectively have shown be the right direction to move ahead and I walked the same path. This is a place where everything good about me was discovered which even I was not aware of a couple of years ago. The consistent efforts to explore yourself is what you need to achieve your goals, and there’s no better place to do it with zero distractions. One motto that I believe in my life is “Yes it’s difficult, but never impossible”.
All the lessons learnt, Academic or Non academic, has definitely made me a better person. As a Mechanical engineer I will strive to serve the society and make this world a better place. I thank all the Professors from the bottom of my heart for shaping a normal student into a Mechanical engineer with goals to achieve.
K P Rahul
MS Student Kumamoto University, Japan (2018 Batch)
I am so grateful to the faculty members and administration
My almameter, AIET has truly transformed me to a confident professional who can stand tall in this cut throat competitive world. The college also focuses on workshops, expert talks and other events to help students widen their horizon beyond the academics. I am so grateful to the faculty members and administration for being so supportive and to bring out the best in me.
Ashika S Shetty
Genpact, Bangalore
We got the best mentors to mould our technical careers here
Joining Alva’s for my Engineering education was one of my best decisions ever.
The support for students’ creativity, talents and the opportunities to showcase them are just amazing and I don’t think any other institution in this region gives such a level of importance to extra-curricular activities.
All the lecturers are highly qualified and are focused towards practical learning. We got the best mentors to mould our technical careers here.
Chandan Shatri
Tata Consultancy Services, Bangalore - Data Engineer
My Time in at Alvas has been a stepping stone towards my carrier and personal growth
My Time in at Alvas has been a stepping stone towards my carrier and personal growth. Both The faculty and management have encouraged and helped me throughout my journey. It has been very interesting and valuable learning experience for me.
Anvitha Jain,
MS in San Jose University, California
My overall experience with AIET is very positive
My overall experience with AIET is very positive. The environment of this college has helped me to overcome the dilemma of surviving in the highly competitive engineering field. Special thanks to Faculty and friends of AIET who were a part of my journey and played a silent role in shaping my future.
Fareena Aliya (2013-2017 BE Batch)
Cerner Healthcare, Bangalore - Software Engineer
Feels so good to connect with the students
One thing that I would absolutely never say no is when I’m called for an Alumni meet. Feels so good to connect with the students during the interaction. Memories Relived!
Anushree Shettigar
Specialist, PWC
Thank you Alva’s college for your great support
As a mechanical engineer there were not many opportunities in your life in the field of mechanical ,but as a mechanical engineer I have the ability to adapt in any field and I was interested in the field where I could earn more money.
I came through the sales as I got selected through campus and got selected in a company extra marks education where I got recognized in sales ,where I worked for 1 year and got promoted in vedantu company as a assistant manager.
So at last I want to say it doesn’t matter if you fail many times, what matters is the never give up attitude you have and last if I can you also can.
Thank you Alva’s college for your great support.
Mr. Raghunathgouda Patil
Assistant Manager, Vedantu Private Ltd, Banglore
My B.E with Alvas was one of the best experiences of my life
My B.E with Alvas was one of the best experiences of my life. It brought clarity of thought, knowledge, confidence, courage and conviction to me and my goals. Real time exposure was immense throughout the program. Faculty contributes significantly to your knowledge base at Alva’s. It made me realized that learning environment makes it different, so is the case of Alva’s. I owe my success to “Alvas” and presently feel of proud of being alumni of Alva’s.
Sunil G M, Design Engineer
HCL Technologies (2017 Batch)
Studying at the Alva’s brought an added value to my life
Alva’s Institute of Engineering and Technology is a place of learning, culture, literature and many such life preaching activities. Studying at the Alva’s brought an added value to my life. It gave me an opportunity to meet different kinds of people and learn a number of things. I have received great support from faculties. I am thankful to the Faculty(CSE department, cultural committees and other supporting committees) and management team for the support and encouragement.
Manoj Aithal, Sr Software Engineer
NICHI-IN SOFTWARE SOLUTIONS PVT LTD, Bangalore
Due to the technical ambience created by the department, I developed an inclination towards entrepreneurship
I am a proud Alumnus of AIET,  completed my B.E in Civil Engineering during the year 2013. Due to the technical ambience created by the department during my graduation, I developed an inclination towards entrepreneurship. My teachers are fully responsible in exploring my hidden passion, which turned me into an entrepreneur and my dream came to reality to serve the needs of the local people.
Mr. Venkatesh R Bangera, Proprietor & Head
Sri Siddhi RNB Developers & Interiors
Alva’s is a place for all-round development
Alva’s is a place for all-round development where equal importance is given to all the activities a student must go through. My journey in Alva’s helped to gain confidence and also opportunities to find my abilities, realize my potential to achieve what I am today.
Rakesh Choudhary, Sr. Software Engineer
Synopsys
AIET helped me improve my overall personality
Being a part of the SSB training club at AIET helped me improve my overall personality. My perspective towards everything changed for the good. I thank the SSB training club for making my dream my dream of becoming an officer in the Armed forces come true.
Lt Shreyas S Shetty, Integrated Headquarters,
Ministry of Defence (Navy), New Delhi
There are allot of clubs where I was a part to improve myself
I am proud to be a alvasian because there are allot of clubs where I was a part to improve myself from the guest speakers and lecturers and even college has given a permission to start our own clubs that is comic on club, we used to go for cultural activities trainings as well
Nihkil Kadam
Kadam Steels (2017 Batch)
AIET is the name which I can’t forget in my life
My experience at AIET was very different & has lead me to explore & learn new things in terms of personal & professional aspects. AIET is the name which I can’t forget in my life. My entire beautiful engineering life has been spent in it. It was a good college with friendly environment & proper management system. The ambience of the college has always been positive & encourage to learn. AIET target for overall development of every student, be it educational, cultural awareness & business wold like industrial exposure. The faculty are very supportive & encourage students to push boundaries to rise above expectations.
Kiran Kabbinale Engineer
Automotive Axles Limited, Mysuru Unit Karnataka. (2017 batch)
AIET which made me realize I’m bound to do much more
My journey at Alva’s was a Roller-coaster ride. Its AIET which made me realize I’m bound to do much more. Its taught me much greater deeds that classroom cant! #2013batch
Rohan D’souza
Masters - Data Science, Queensland University, Australia
AIET has helped me mould my career in many ways
I’ll always value the time spent at AIET, both in academics and extracurricular activities. AIET has helped me mould my career in many ways. I’ll always be thankful to my lecturers for their guidance, making me more disciplined and punctual, which has eventually helped me a lot in my journey of higher studies in Germany “.
Aakash Devadiga
MS Student, Germany (2018)
AIET has helped me to nurture my potential
“PG Department of Business Administration at AIET has helped me to nurture my potential. It has helped me to imbibe qualities like Leadership,discipline, courage, confidence.MBA at Alva’s will encourage the students to focus on talent what the students has in-order to reach his goal”.
Ms. Chandini
Alumni
My engineering in Alva’s was one of the best experiences of my life
My engineering in Alva’s was one of the best experiences of my life. The all time support and motivation of faculty members has enlightened me throughout the beautiful journey. All the labs are well equipped. They are running various clubs, where you will get an opportunity to meet different personalities and their guidance. As far as the placements are concerned enough opportunities and guidance were provided to every students and it is upto the individuals how you take it.
Sachin Shetty
EY Bangalore - Associate Software Engineer
I am Happy that I am part of first outgoing batch of AIET
I am Happy that I am part of first outgoing batch of AIET. I would like to thank my all lecturers and AIET management for providing us a right platform to gain the best knowledge. I would recommend everyone that AIET is the best place to be to gain knowledge and shape yourself as a best Engineer.
Raviraj Bhat (2008-2012 BE Batch)
Swiss re, Data science – Sr. Software Engineer
“Dream Different” that is one thing that AIET urges
“Dream Different” that is one thing that AIET urges in and to far extent succeed in teaching to its students which invariably helps to achieve what you need. It nourished me and thus gave me an opportunity to define me. “Amazing Dreams Deserves Amazing Department”. I didn’t make a million dollars before graduation however I earned million lessons throughout my journey with CSE Department while in AIET.
Moreover a real dream always starts from the department I thank my CSE department and its faculty members for encouraging me to think globally and spread my wings to take off for the land of rising sun.
Muhammad Aslam, Managing Director
AlKidhma Group -QATAR-INDIA
Visitor Testimonials
BOOTCAMP 2019 @ AIET | By MR.ASHWATH HEGDE (Founder & MD, Envigreen India Pvt Ltd)
BOOTCAMP 2019 @ AIET | By DR.BALAVEERA REDDY (Former Vice Chancellor, VTU-Belagavi)
BOOTCAMP 2019 @ AIET | By MR.MOHAN KRISHNAN (Head, LV Prasad Film & TV Academy)
BOOTCAMP 2019 @ AIET | By MR.VIBHAV KANDLUR (Research Scholar, MAHE & Alumnus)
BOOTCAMP 2019 @ AIET | By MS.APOORVA ANISH MULANI( Director & HR , Popshot)
Engineering colleges | best colleges for engineering | civil engineering colleges | bachelor degree in engineering | btech colleges| engineering universities | top engineering colleges | good engineering colleges | b tech colleges near me | aeronautical engineering colleges| best engineering universities| mechanical engineering colleges | colleges for btech | private colleges for btech| private engineering colleges | top 10 engineering colleges | b tech biotechnology colleges | institute of engineering and management | best colleges for btech | btech colleges near me | top engineering universities in the world| best engineering colleges in world | best engineering colleges near me | electrical engineering colleges | engineering colleges near me | comedk colleges |top engineering colleges in world | computer science engineering colleges | Top Engineering College in Mangalore | Best Engineering College in Mangalore | Top Best College for Engineering in Mangalore
Enroll Now
×
WhatsApp us
×