Source: https://new.aiet.org.in/about/vision-mission

Alva's Institute of Engineering & Technology
X
HOME
ABOUT
ADMISSION
ACADEMICS
RESEARCH
PLACEMENT
CAMPUS LIFE
CONTACT US
AIET Mijar
principalaiet08@gmail.com
9632895394, 9448458334, 9845050268
CET CODE-E169
COMED-K CODE-E 006
PGCET CODE-B115
ADMISSION ENQUIRY
Vision &
Mission
Vision of AIET
Vision
"Transformative education by pursuing excellence in Engineering and Management through enhancing skills to meet the evolving needs of the community."
Our vision defines our long-term aspirations. At AIET, we aim to deliver transformative education that is adaptive, inclusive, and future-ready. We believe in not just preparing students for today's challenges but empowering them to shape tomorrow.
Mission of AIET
Mission
To bestow quality technical education to imbibe knowledge, creativity and ethos to students community.
To inculcate the best engineering practices through transformative education.
To develop a knowledgeable individual for a dynamic industrial scenario.
To inculcate research, entrepreneurial skills and human values in order to cater the needs of the society.
Our mission clearly outlines the path to achieve our vision. Through quality-driven technical education and ethical development, we build not only professionals but also responsible citizens.
NBA Accreditation
Program Outcomes
Graduates of our engineering programs will demonstrate the following program outcomes upon completion of their degree.
PO1
Engineering Knowledge
Apply the knowledge of mathematics, science, engineering fundamentals and an engineering specialization to the solution of complex engineering problems.
PO2
Problem Analysis
Identify, formulate, review research literature, and analyze complex engineering problems reaching substantiated conclusions using first principles of mathematics, natural sciences and engineering sciences.
PO3
Design / Development of Solutions
Design solutions for complex engineering problems and design system components or processes that meet the specified needs with appropriate consideration for the public health and safety, and the cultural, societal and environmental considerations.
PO4
Conduct Investigations of Complex Problems
Use research-based knowledge and research methods including design of experiments, analysis and interpretation of data, and synthesis of the information to provide valid conclusions.
PO5
Modern Tool Usage
Create, select, and apply appropriate techniques, resources, and modern engineering and IT tools including prediction and modeling to complex engineering activities with an understanding of the limitations.
PO6
The Engineer and Society
Apply reasoning informed by the contextual knowledge to assess societal, health, safety, legal and cultural issues and the consequent responsibilities relevant to the professional engineering practice.
PO7
Environment and Sustainability
Understand the impact of the professional engineering solutions in societal and environmental contexts, and demonstrate the knowledge of, and need for sustainable development.
PO8
Ethics
Apply ethical principles and commit to professional ethics and responsibilities and norms of the engineering practice.
PO9
Individual and Team Work
Function effectively as an individual, and as a member or leader in diverse teams, and in multidisciplinary settings.
PO10
Communication
Communicate effectively on complex engineering activities with the engineering community and with society at large, such as being able to comprehend and write effective reports and design documentation, make effective presentations, and give and receive clear instructions.
PO11
Project Management and Finance
Demonstrate knowledge and understanding of the engineering and management principles and apply these to one's own work, as a member and leader in a team, to manage projects and in multidisciplinary environments.
PO12
Life-long Learning
Recognize the need for, and have the preparation and ability to engage in independent and life-long learning in the broadest context of technological change.